'Catalogs' Plugin (#1455)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/imviz/plugins.rst

    :ref:`Export Photometry <imviz_export_photomtery>`
        Documentation on exporting photometry results.

.. _imviz-catalogs:

Catalog Search
==============

> This plugin queries a specified region of the image, marks the sources from the results of the query, and
> provides the number of sources found. After zooming into a specific region of the image, the query uses the center

Reviewer: this makes it sound a little like it might take a subset as input, but as far as I understand, it just uses the current viewer zoom-limits, right?  Maybe something like the following would avoid that misinterpretation:

```suggestion
This plugin queries a catalog around the coordinates of the active image, marks the sources from the results of the query, and
provides the number of sources found. After zooming into a specific region of the image, the query uses the center
```

Author: Correct, it's using the current viewer's zoom-limits! I can see where it can sound like it requires a subset, so I'll make those changes, thank you!

point of the region with a radius determined by the farthest edge point of the region. Clicking on :guilabel:`CLEAR`
will remove all markers on the active viewer.

To select which catalog you would like to use for the search, please pick one of the available options from the
catalog dropdown menu. If you have multiple viewers open, you will see another dropdown menu to select the active
viewer. The query will be based on the coordinates of the image in the active viewer.

This plugin is still under active development. As a result, the search only uses the SDSS DR17 catalog.
Additionally, the query starts anew everytime :guilabel:`SEARCH` is clicked, so previous results and marks

> are not stored.

Author: I'm struggling to get the table from the API. It ends up becoming a Glue Data object, but I can't get the contents of it. Do you have any suggestions? Or, I could make the table an attribute of the Catalogs class, and then access the results through the Catalog object?

> are not stored.

Reviewer 2: We actually want the table from astroquery itself. So something like this should work though I know @kecnry thinks the API is ugly...

https://github.com/spacetelescope/jdaviz/blob/3ae8e0683c5a996ea56f9da6dfb9aa619f535ff6/jdaviz/configs/imviz/plugins/aper_phot_simple/aper_phot_simple.py#L338

https://github.com/spacetelescope/jdaviz/blob/3ae8e0683c5a996ea56f9da6dfb9aa619f535ff6/jdaviz/configs/imviz/helper.py#L416

> are not stored.

Reviewer 2: But you might want to filter the astroquery table the same way as you filter your markers, to be consistent.

> are not stored.

Author: I was able to get the table out!

    :ref:`Export Photometry <imviz_export_photomtery>`
        Documentation on exporting photometry results.

.. _imviz-catalogs:

Catalog Search
==============

This plugin queries a catalog around the zoom window of the active image, marks the sources from the results of the query, and
provides the number of sources found. After zooming into a specific region of the image, the query uses the center
point of the region with a radius determined by the farthest edge point of the region. Clicking on :guilabel:`CLEAR`
will remove all markers on the active viewer.

To select which catalog you would like to use for the search, please pick one of the available options from the
catalog dropdown menu.

.. note::

    This plugin is still under active development. As a result, the search only uses the SDSS DR17 catalog
    and works best when you only have a single image loaded in a viewer.

If you have multiple viewers open, you will see another dropdown menu to select the active
viewer.

> Additionally, the query starts anew everytime :guilabel:`SEARCH` is clicked, so previous results and marks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, the query starts anew every time :guilabel:`SEARCH` is clicked, so previous results and marks
```

are not stored. To save the current result before submitting a new query, you can save the table to a variable::

    results = imviz.get_catalog_source_results()

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

.. note::

>     The radius chosen results in a table returned with sources found outside the active viewers current zoomed-in
>     portion of the image. Additional steps will be needed to filter out these points if necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The table returned from the API above may cover more sources than shown in currently zoomed-in
    portion of the image. Additional steps will be needed to filter out these points, if necessary.
```

> .. _imviz-export-plot:

Reviewer 3: This line defines an alias for subsequent section; I think you should move your Catalog Search docs section above this line

Author: Thanks, just did it! Does my section need an alias as well?

Reviewer 4: It allows it to be referenced elsewhere in the `docs` directory, so can't hurt.

.. _imviz-export-plot:

Catalog Search
===========

This plugin queries a specified region of the image, marks the sources from the results of the query, and
provides the number of sources found. After zooming into a specific region of the image, the query uses the center point of the region with a
radius determined by the farthest edge point of the region. Clicking on :guilabel:`CLEAR` will remove all
markers on the active viewer.

> When you have multiple viewers created in Imviz, the Viewer dropdown menu becomes visible to change the
> active viewer so the query can be based on the image's coordinates.
> 
> There is a dropdown menu that allows for selection of a catalog to conduct the source search.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To select which catalog you would like to use for the search, please pick one of the available options from the catalog dropdown menu. If you have multiple viewers open, you will see another dropdown menu to select the active viewer. The query will be based on the coordinates of the image in the active viewer.
```
Overall looks good! I thought this one section could be worded a little differently and this is my best attempt at that. Feel free to use this suggestion or try something else.

Author: Looks good, I'll incorporate that, thank you!
